lated the viewers vote to see you dance
in the finals
Bristol and Mark Bristol last night the
judges praised you for your journey in
this competition did the viewers vote to
see you dance in the finals
Brandee and max crystal and mark on this
ninth week of competition I can now
reveal that the couple with the lowest
combined total of judges scores and
viewer votes is
brandy and max
[Music]
which means Kyle and Lacey and Jennifer
and Derek will face off against Bristol
and Mark for the trophy
[Music]
how do you feel right now brandy
I want to ask you we've been at this a
long time this season struck me as the
most surprising in that couples who
would get their highest score on Monday
night we're often the ones who left on
Tuesday night what do you think's been
different this year well you know I said
it in many press interviews you know one
thing that I love you know for my family
the choice they made is to come to this
country and it's the fact that people
vote and and their voices count and and
I love the fact that the show represents
that it represents people's choice and
you know I don't regret a second about
last five years of my being on the show
and definitely not a second only being
on the season it's been an amazing
journey because last night you delivered
a fantastic performance we've just seen
it amazing but I have to stress which is
very very important for everybody to
vote it's so close every vote counts you
gotta get out there and get on the phone
and I'm so disappointed I'm not you
freestyle I was looking so much to see
it so please and choose that when you
come back do it for me will do for us
guys we're going to take a look at the
journey you've had on this show since
day one
Brandee meet you meeting max for the
first time was very interesting I just
felt an instant connection to him I've
changed you know soft enough I meet for
you not to stop he thought with me I
mean to me China because I'm saying
we've gone through a lot of ups a lot of
downs
stop trying to debate me and this time
because I'm doing what you wanted me to
do but my relationship with Max has
grown to a level of friendship I really
love him with all of my heart and I feel
like he's gonna be a friend of mine
forever what brain is accomplished I'm
gonna miss my partner the most fantastic
[Applause]
I feel like I've come so far in this
competition I had no clue of what was
inside of me
I'm a completely different person
because of the show
we'll be on Jimmy Kimmel later I want to
get a hug we see you next Monday
I'm just saying we've been right